README.md, before:

 ### Hi there 👋


   Hello 👋, My name is Emily or you can call me Bunni or Em. I am malware analyst and cyber security expert. I am currently taking classes into becoming a Certified Network Security Specialist. I am also a developer and have knowledge of Java, Ruby, Pearl, Python, JavaScript. I am learning how to reverse engineer malware and other programs to prevent future malware outbreaks such as the WannaCry Eternal Blue Exploit.
  
  
####       My Experiences:
- [Misq-Development](https://github.com/Misq-Development) {Founded by Quartz and Owned by Me} - Resigned due to Dev Team Shut Down, Still managed by DevQuartz
- [Artemis](https://github.com/Artemis-Development) {Owned by Dannnington & ignJosh} - Resigned due to personal reasons.
- [Sentinel](https://github.com/TeamSentinel) - Abandonded 
- [Solex Games](https://github.com/SolexGames) {Owned by @GrowlyX} - Resigned
        
About me:
        I am just a weird cyber security person who is transgender and obsessed with malware & ethical hacking & IT & system administration. I am currently 20 years old as I am writing this. I work on pentration testing and malware analyst and threat intel. I am the Leader of TerrorPvPs DevOPs and ExploitDev.  
        
        
        
#        Info thingy:
- 🔭 I’m currently working on PhantomHQ 
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Java and Pearl and Ruby and C++ and studying cyber security and learning how malware and other malicious stuff works
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on anything in the cyber sec field
- 💬 Ask me about anything :/
- 😄 Pronouns: She/Her/They/Them
- ⚡ Fun fact: I am learning alot about Threat Intel.




~ Emily

Commit message:

did you forget about phantom or what

README.md, after:

 ### Hi there 👋


   Hello 👋, My name is Emily or you can call me Bunni or Em. I am malware analyst and cyber security expert. I am currently taking classes into becoming a Certified Network Security Specialist. I am also a developer and have knowledge of Java, Ruby, Pearl, Python, JavaScript. I am learning how to reverse engineer malware and other programs to prevent future malware outbreaks such as the WannaCry Eternal Blue Exploit.
  
  
####       My Experiences:
- [Phantom Services](https://github.com/PhantomServicesDev) (Founded by me and NeverLand) - Currently owning.
- [Misq-Development](https://github.com/Misq-Development) {Founded by Quartz and Owned by Me} - Resigned due to Dev Team Shut Down, Still managed by DevQuartz
- [Artemis](https://github.com/Artemis-Development) {Owned by Dannnington & ignJosh} - Resigned due to personal reasons.
- [Sentinel](https://github.com/TeamSentinel) - Abandonded 
- [Solex Games](https://github.com/SolexGames) {Owned by @GrowlyX} - Resigned
        
About me:
        I am just a weird cyber security person who is transgender and obsessed with malware & ethical hacking & IT & system administration. I am currently 20 years old as I am writing this. I work on pentration testing and malware analyst and threat intel. I am the Leader of TerrorPvPs DevOPs and ExploitDev.  
        
        
        
#        Info thingy:
- 🔭 I’m currently working on PhantomHQ 
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Java and Pearl and Ruby and C++ and studying cyber security and learning how malware and other malicious stuff works
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on anything in the cyber sec field
- 💬 Ask me about anything :/
- 😄 Pronouns: She/Her/They/Them
- ⚡ Fun fact: I am learning alot about Threat Intel.




~ Emily
